add quotes for password in readme (#12)
nielstron/ha_blnet: README.md

- Grouping has to be manually accomplished.
- Digital outputs of the UVR1611 can be controlled via created switch entities.
- __Turning a switch off or on overrides the `AUTO` configuration and sets the switch to `HAND` until it is turned back to `AUTO` manually.__

> - if the password is all numbers and start with a leading zero quotes are required, otherwise the leading 0 will be ommitted and the password is incorrect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the password is all numbers and start with a leading zero, add quotes around the password. If the quotes are omitted, the leading 0 is discarded and the password will not be correct.
```
